My submission is based on the Environment Agency flood API. The initial page lists available sites that measure river levels and flows. There is an additional filter that can narrow the stations displayed withing a geographic region (fairly self-explanatory). Once you click on a station, it will display the available measurements for this station (due to the variable nature of the API results, I have done my best to remove any information that does not exist using ngIf conditions but is definitely not exhaustive as the results from the API can be quite variable).

The app has been created in angular using the npm angular CIL and should be able to be built using npm. The link to this project on GitHub is (hopefully): michaelnewsome3/jhub_module1b_newsome (github.com) . If you have any problems accessing it or building it, please email me.

I have not completed any of the suggested courses due to finding video tutorials difficult to follow but that does not mean I have not completed any learning. I have instead used the tutorial at angular.io which is text based and walks you through creating a sample project. As such I believe I should receive the full amount of the award for completing the module including learning. Whilst it is hard to prove I have actually completed this course, I am happy to provide evidence of the project I created whilst following this tutorial and I can assure you, before undertaking this project, I had no innate ability to use the Angular language. I would be grateful if you could engage with me before deciding I only qualify for half the award.

